# descriptions for EdgeX Foundry Docker Hub images (limited to 100 chars)
app-service-configurable-arm64:ARM64 configurable application service for EdgeX Foundry
app-service-configurable:A configurable application service for EdgeX Foundry
core-command-arm64:ARM64 implementation core command micro service for EdgeX Foundry
core-command:The reference implementation core command micro service for EdgeX Foundry
core-data-arm64:ARM64 implementation core data micro service for EdgeX Foundry
core-data:The reference implementation core data micro service for EdgeX Foundry
core-metadata-arm64:ARM64 implementation core metadata micro service for EdgeX Foundry
core-metadata:The reference implementation core metadata micro service for EdgeX Foundry
device-bacnet-c-arm64:ARM64 device service to connect to BACNet protocol devices for EdgeX
device-bacnet-c:The device service to connect to BACNet protocol devices for EdgeX Foundry
device-camera-arm64:ARM64 device service to connect to and control ONVIF cameras for EdgeX
device-camera:Device service to connect to and control ONVIF cameras for EdgeX Foundry
device-grove-arm64:ARM64 device service to communicate with Grove sensors for EdgeX
device-modbus-arm64:ARM64 device service to connect to Modbus protocol devices for EdgeX
device-modbus:Device service to connect to Modbus protocol devices for EdgeX Foundry
device-mqtt-arm64:ARM64 device service ingesting device data via MQTT for EdgeX Foundry
device-mqtt:Device service ingesting device data via MQTT for EdgeX Foundry
device-random-arm64:ARM64 device service simulating a device with integers for EdgeX
device-random:Device service simulating a device via random numbers for EdgeX Foundry
device-rest-arm64:ARM64 device service ingesting device data via REST for EdgeX Foundry
device-rest:Device service ingesting device data via REST for EdgeX Foundry
device-snmp-arm64:ARM64 device service to connect to SNMP protocol devices for EdgeX
device-snmp:Device service to connect to SNMP protocol devices for EdgeX Foundry
device-virtual-arm64:ARM64 device service simulating devices for EdgeX Foundry
device-virtual:Device service simulating different kinds of devices for EdgeX Foundry
edgex-ui-arm64:ARM64 demonstration and developer EdgeX Foundry user interface
edgex-ui:The demonstration and developer EdgeX Foundry user interface
sample-service:blank service template
security-bootstrapper-arm64:ARM64 initialization service for security setup for EdgeX
security-bootstrapper:The initialization service for security setup for EdgeX
security-proxy-setup-arm64:ARM64 initialization service for the reverse proxy for EdgeX
security-proxy-setup:The initialization service for the reverse proxy for EdgeX Foundry
security-secretstore-setup-arm64:ARM64 initialization service for the security for EdgeX
security-secretstore-setup:The initialization service for the security for EdgeX Foundry
support-notifications-arm64:ARM64 impl notifications service for EdgeX Foundry
support-notifications:The reference implementation notifications service for EdgeX Foundry
support-scheduler-arm64:ARM64 implementation scheduler service for EdgeX Foundry
support-scheduler:The reference implementation scheduler service for EdgeX Foundry
sys-mgmt-agent-arm64:ARM64 reference impl management agent for EdgeX Foundry
sys-mgmt-agent:The reference implementation management agent for EdgeX Foundry
