# descriptions for EdgeX Foundry Docker Hub images (limited to 100 chars)
docker-core-data-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-metadata-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-command-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-mongo:ARCHIVED! MongoDB container for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-logging-go:ARCHIVED! Central logging service for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-volume:ARCHIVED! Docker volume container for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-export-distro-go:ARCHIVED! Export distribution service for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-export-client-go:ARCHIVED! Export registration service for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-notifications:ARCHIVED! The legacy notifications service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-scheduler-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-config-seed-go:ARCHIVED! The legacy configuration seeding service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-notifications-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-virtual-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-support-rulesengine:ARCHIVED! The legacy rules engine service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-sys-mgmt-agent-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-ui-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-app-service-configurable:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-consul:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-random-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-rest-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-support-scheduler:ARCHIVED! The legacy scheduler service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-virtual:ARCHIVED! The legacy virtual device service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-data-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-data:ARCHIVED! The legacy core data service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-metadata-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-command-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-core-metadata:ARCHIVED! The legacy core metadata service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-notifications-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-mongo-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 MongoDB container for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-logging:ARCHIVED! The legacy logging service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-support-scheduler-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-support-logging-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 central logging for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-export-client-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 export registration for older EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-config-seed-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! Legacy ARM64 configuration seeding for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-security-proxy-setup-go:ARCHIVED! Legacy API gateway setup for older EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-command:ARCHIVED! The legacy core command service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-ui-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-support-rulesengine-arm64:ARCHIVED! The legacy ARM64 rules engine service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-export-distro-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 export distribution for older EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-mqtt-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-export-distro:ARCHIVED! The legacy export distribution for older EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-virtual-arm64:ARCHIVED! The legacy ARM64 virtual device service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-security-secretstore-setup-go:ARCHIVED! Legacy secret store setup for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-vault:ARCHIVED! The legacy Vault secret store service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-proxy-go:ARCHIVED! The legacy security API gateway service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-vault-worker-go:ARCHIVED! The legacy Vault initialization service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-volume-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 Docker volume for older versions of EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-config-seed:ARCHIVED! The legacy configuration seeding for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-secret-store-go:ARCHIVED! The legacy Vault secret store service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-core-consul:ARCHIVED! The legacy Consul service for older EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-modbus-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-sys-mgmt-agent-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-export-client:ARCHIVED! The legacy export registration service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-virtual-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-consul-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-app-service-configurable-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-secrets-setup-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-mongo-seed:ARCHIVED!Initializer for MongoDB for early EdgeX Foundry development
docker-device-snmp-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-random-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-rest-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-modbus:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service to connect Modbus devices for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-grove-c-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-bluetooth:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service to coonect BLE devices for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-mqtt:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service ingesting device data via MQTT for EdgeX
docker-device-modbus-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-mqtt-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-security-proxy-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy API gateway setup for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-security-secretstore-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy secret store setup for EdgeX
docker-edgex-secrets-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-bacnet:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service to connect BACNet devices for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-snmp:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service to connect SNMP devices for EdgeX Foundry
docker-device-camera-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-proxy-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy security API gateway service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-vault-worker-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy Vault initialization service for EdgeX
docker-edgex-vault-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy Vault secret store service for EdgeX Foundry
docker-security-secrets-setup-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-fischertechnik:ARCHIVED! The legacy device service for Fischertechnik devices for EdgeX
docker-security-secretstore-setup-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-security-proxy-setup-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-security-bootstrap-redis-go:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-mqtt-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy device service ingesting data via MQTT for EdgeX
docker-edgex-security-vault-worker:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-edgex-secret-store-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy Vault secret store service for EdgeX
docker-device-snmp-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-bluetooth-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy device service to coonect BLE devices for EdgeX
docker-device-bacnet-c:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-bacnet-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy device service to connect BACNet devices for EdgeX
docker-edgex-ui-clojure:ARCHIVED! The legacy user interface for EdgeX Foundry
docker-security-secrets-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-camera-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-sample-service:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-security-bootstrap-redis-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-modbus-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy device service to connect Modbus devices for EdgeX
docker-security-proxy-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-device-bacnet-c-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
docker-security-secretstore-setup-go-arm64:ARCHIVED! EdgeX 2.0 no longer uses "docker-" prefix in the image names
edgex-ui-clojure:ARCHIVED! The legacy user interface for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-ui-clojure-arm64:ARCHIVED! ARM64 legacy user interface for EdgeX Foundry
docker-edgex-security-vault:ARCHIVED! Vault initialization service for EdgeX Foundry